#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
boto3==1.35.78
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.35.78
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.4.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via huggingface-hub
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.10.0
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
gradio==5.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==1.5.1
    # via gradio
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   safehttpx
    #   tavily-python
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.26.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via gradio
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
langchain-openai==0.2.12
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.2
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.2.58
    # via -r requirements.in
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.8
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.43
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.2.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown==3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   markdown-pdf
    #   rich
markdown-pdf==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
openai==1.57.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.12
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pandas==2.2.3
    # via gradio
pillow==11.0.0
    # via gradio
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.10.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.6.1
    # via langchain-community
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rich
pymupdf==1.24.2
    # via markdown-pdf
pymupdfb==1.24.1
    # via pymupdf
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.19
    # via gradio
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tavily-python
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via typer
ruff==0.8.2
    # via gradio
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
safehttpx==0.1.6
    # via gradio
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.41.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
tavily-python==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   tavily-python
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via gradio
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typer==0.15.1
    # via gradio
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.32.1
    # via gradio
websockets==14.1
    # via gradio-client
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
